In this project, we provide the Matlab code of the pairwise registration method and multi-view registration methods. The pairwise registration method is performed using the TriLCI descriptor and a novel 3D transformation estimation technique. In the 3D transformation estimation technique, two GCs are applied to remove false correspondences and the robust estimation based median is used to estimate the transformation. The multi-view registration methods are based on the pairwise registration method. Two multi-view registration methods are performed, which are respectively the shape growing-based method and connected graph algorithm. 
Everyone is welcome to use the code for research work, but not for commerce. If you use the code, please cite my paper (Wuyong Tao, Xianghong Hua, Xiaoxing He, Jingbin Liu, Dong Xu. (2023). Automatic multi-view registration of point clouds via a high-quality descriptor and a novel 3D transformation estimation technique . The Visual Computer, https://doi.org/10.1007/s00371-023-02942-7 )
In this project, five files are provided. The "LRF_TriLCI" file is used to calculate the LRF of keypoint. The "TriLCI" file is used to calculate the TriLCI descriptor. The "coarseregistration" file is used to perform the coarse registration algorithm, i.e. the pairwise registration method. The “pairwise registration” file show how to use the "coarseregistration" function. The “Multi-view registration” file provides the code of the two multi-view registration methods. 
Before you carry out our algorithm, you need to calculate the point cloud resolution (pr).
